CV.md, before:

# William Stoneham
- 19 years old
- Founding Software Engineer at [Dyslexia Test Centre](https://dyslexiatestcentre.co.uk)
- Engineer and Marketing at [Queens Hall Theatre](https://queenshalltheatre.co.uk)
- Grade 8 Guitarist

## Experience
- Modern Software Engineering - Frontend and Backend
    - React, Rust, Typescript,
    - Docker, AWS CFM/CDK, Kubernetes, Nix
- Computer Forensics
    - Python, Bash, C, C++, Rust
    - Wireshark, Autopsy, Volatility
- Marketing
    - SEO, AWS SES, Google Analytics, Google Ads, Meta Ads

## Education
- Level 3 Cambridge Technicals in IT
    - Distinction*
- BTEC in Music Performance
    - Distinction*
- A-Level in Biology
    - C

## Projects
- [Dyslexia Test Centre](https://dyslexiatestcentre.co.uk)
    - Founding Software Engineer
    - React, Rust, Typescript
- [Queens Hall Theatre](https://queenshalltheatre.co.uk)
    - Engineer and Marketing
    - React, Rust, Typescript, AWS CFM/CDK, Nix
- [GavelConnect](https://gavelconnect.com)
    - Software Engineer
    - Chrome Extension, React, Typescript

## Sports
- Dog Agility

## Contact
- [Email](mailto:william.stoneham04@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/williamstoneham/)

Commit message:

Added bit about raj bisram

CV.md, after:

# William Stoneham
- 19 years old
- Founding Software Engineer at [Dyslexia Test Centre](https://dyslexiatestcentre.co.uk)
- Engineer and Marketing at [Queens Hall Theatre](https://queenshalltheatre.co.uk)
- Grade 8 Guitarist

## Experience
- Modern Software Engineering - Frontend and Backend
    - React, Rust, Typescript,
    - Docker, AWS CFM/CDK, Kubernetes, Nix
- Computer Forensics
    - Python, Bash, C, C++, Rust
    - Wireshark, Autopsy, Volatility
- Marketing
    - SEO, AWS SES, Google Analytics, Google Ads, Meta Ads

## Education
- Level 3 Cambridge Technicals in IT
    - Distinction*
- BTEC in Music Performance
    - Distinction*
- A-Level in Biology
    - C

## Projects
- [Dyslexia Test Centre](https://dyslexiatestcentre.co.uk)
    - Founding Software Engineer
    - React, Rust, Typescript
- [Queens Hall Theatre](https://queenshalltheatre.co.uk)
    - Engineer and Marketing
    - React, Rust, Typescript, AWS CFM/CDK, Nix
- GavelConnect
    - Software Engineer
    - Chrome Extension, React, Typescript
    Gavel Connect was a project to reduce the number of people required to run an online auction on multiple platforms.
    Was approached by Raj Bisram to invest in this project, but during the due diligence there was another company that was doing something similar.

## Sports
- Dog Agility

## Contact
- [Email](mailto:william.stoneham04@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/williamstoneham/)
